Docs for blitz-js/blitz#3026 (#624)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: app/pages/docs/environment-variables.mdx

This will load additional env files: `.env.<APP_NAME>` and
`.env.<APP_NAME>.local`.

> If you need to load multiple env files, you can pass all the enviroments
> you want to load like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to load multiple env files, you can pass all the environments
as comma-separated strings. For example:
```

Reviewer: I'm going to commit this suggestion and merge the PR. Hope you won't mind 🙏
